docs(sim): add Try PX4 quick-start and pre-built packages reference (#26957)
PX4/PX4-Autopilot: README.md

<sub>…and many more: helicopters, autogyros, airships, submarines, boats, and other experimental platforms. These frames have basic support but are not part of the regular flight-test program. See the <a href="https://docs.px4.io/main/en/airframes/airframe_reference.html">full airframe reference</a>.</sub>

## Try PX4

Run PX4 in simulation with a single command. No build tools, no dependencies beyond Docker:

```bash

> docker run --rm -it -p 14550:14550/udp px4io/px4-sitl-sih:latest

Reviewer: Ran this. Immediately get errors `ERROR [uxrce_dds_client] init failed, will retry now`

Log:
<details>
C:\Users\hamis\github\PX4\PX4-Autopilot\docs>docker run --rm -it -p 14550:14550/udp px4io/px4-sitl-sih:latest
Unable to find image 'px4io/px4-sitl-sih:latest' locally
latest: Pulling from px4io/px4-sitl-sih
4f4fb700ef54: Pull complete
54505ddf2547: Pull complete
817807f3c64e: Pull complete
2e275f5d639b: Pull complete
75ac2a1eae3a: Pull complete
5b998981ec81: Pull complete
9eb30c4731fc: Pull complete
Digest: sha256:357f7c1fb2f6cd37e5040a73f6bcb72aac42c9c6aaf536f6332bef15e33e3fb0
Status: Downloaded newer image for px4io/px4-sitl-sih:latest

______  __   __    ___
| ___ \ \ \ / /   /   |
| |_/ /  \ V /   / /| |
|  __/   /   \  / /_| |
| |     / /^\ \ \___  |
\_|     \/   \/     |_/

px4 starting.

INFO  [px4] startup script: /bin/sh etc/init.d-posix/rcS 0
INFO  [init] found model autostart file as SYS_AUTOSTART=10040
INFO  [param] selected parameter default file parameters.bson
INFO  [param] selected parameter backup file parameters_backup.bson
  SYS_AUTOCONFIG: curr: 0 -> new: 1
  SYS_AUTOSTART: curr: 0 -> new: 10040
  CAL_ACC0_ID: curr: 0 -> new: 1310988
  CAL_GYRO0_ID: curr: 0 -> new: 1310988
  CAL_ACC1_ID: curr: 0 -> new: 1310996
  CAL_GYRO1_ID: curr: 0 -> new: 1310996
  CAL_ACC2_ID: curr: 0 -> new: 1311004
  CAL_GYRO2_ID: curr: 0 -> new: 1311004
  CAL_MAG0_ID: curr: 0 -> new: 197388
  CAL_MAG0_PRIO: curr: -1 -> new: 50
  CAL_MAG1_ID: curr: 0 -> new: 197644
  CAL_MAG1_PRIO: curr: -1 -> new: 50
  SENS_BOARD_X_OFF: curr: 0.0000 -> new: 0.0000
  SENS_DPRES_OFF: curr: 0.0000 -> new: 0.0010
INFO  [dataman] data manager file './dataman' size is 1208528 bytes
INFO  [init] SIH simulator
INFO  [simulator_sih] Simulation loop with 250 Hz (4000 us sim time interval)
INFO  [simulator_sih] Simulation with 1.0x speedup. Loop with (4000 us wall time interval)
INFO  [lockstep_scheduler] setting initial absolute time to 4000 us
INFO  [commander] LED: open /dev/led0 failed (22)
ERROR [uxrce_dds_client] init UDP agent IP:fdc4:f303:9324:, port:8888 failed
ERROR [mavlink] invalid partner ip 'fdc4:f303:9324::254'

### Description
This module implements the MAVLink protocol, which can be used on a Serial link or UDP network connect
Usage: mavlink <command> [arguments...]
 Commands:

   start         Start a new instance
     [-d <val>]  Select Serial Device
                 values: <file:dev>, default: /dev/ttyS1
     [-b <val>]  Baudrate (can also be p:<param_name>)
                 default: 57600
     [-r <val>]  Maximum sending data rate in B/s (if 0, use baudrate / 20)
                 default: 0
     [-p]        Enable Broadcast
     [-u <val>]  Select UDP Network Port (local)
                 default: 14556
     [-o <val>]  Select UDP Network Port (remote)
                 default: 14550
     [-t <val>]  Partner IP (broadcasting can be enabled via -p flag)
                 default: 127.0.0.1
     [-m <val>]  Mode: sets default streams and rates
                 values: custom|camera|onboard|osd|magic|config|iridium|minimal|extvision|extvisionmin|gimbal|onboard_l
     [-n <val>]  wifi/ethernet interface name
                 values: <interface_name>
     [-F <val>]  Sets the transmission frequency for iridium mode
                 default: 0.0
     [-f]        Enable message forwarding to other Mavlink instances
     [-w]        Wait to send, until first message received
     [-x]        Enable FTP
     [-z]        Force hardware flow control always on
     [-Z]        Force hardware flow control always off

   stop-all      Stop all instances

   stop          Stop a running instance
     [-u <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via local Network Port
     [-d <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via Serial Device
                 values: <file:dev>

   status        Print status for all instances
     [streams  ] Print all enabled streams

   stream        Configure the sending rate of a stream for a running instance
     [-u <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via local Network Port
     [-d <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via Serial Device
                 values: <file:dev>
     -s <val>    Mavlink stream to configure
     -r <val>    Rate in Hz (0 = turn off, -1 = set to default)

   boot_complete Enable sending of messages. (Must be) called as last step in startup script.
INFO  [tone_alarm] home set
WARN  [mavlink] mavlink for network on port 18570 is not running
WARN  [mavlink] mavlink for network on port 18570 is not running
WARN  [mavlink] mavlink for network on port 18570 is not running
WARN  [mavlink] mavlink for network on port 18570 is not running
WARN  [mavlink] mavlink for network on port 18570 is not running
WARN  [mavlink] mavlink for network on port 18570 is not running
WARN  [mavlink] mavlink for network on port 18570 is not running
WARN  [mavlink] mavlink for network on port 18570 is not running
WARN  [mavlink] mavlink for network on port 18570 is not running
ERROR [mavlink] invalid partner ip 'fdc4:f303:9324::254'

### Description
This module implements the MAVLink protocol, which can be used on a Serial link or UDP network connect
Usage: mavlink <command> [arguments...]
 Commands:

   start         Start a new instance
     [-d <val>]  Select Serial Device
                 values: <file:dev>, default: /dev/ttyS1
     [-b <val>]  Baudrate (can also be p:<param_name>)
                 default: 57600
     [-r <val>]  Maximum sending data rate in B/s (if 0, use baudrate / 20)
                 default: 0
     [-p]        Enable Broadcast
     [-u <val>]  Select UDP Network Port (local)
                 default: 14556
     [-o <val>]  Select UDP Network Port (remote)
                 default: 14550
     [-t <val>]  Partner IP (broadcasting can be enabled via -p flag)
                 default: 127.0.0.1
     [-m <val>]  Mode: sets default streams and rates
                 values: custom|camera|onboard|osd|magic|config|iridium|minimal|extvision|extvisionmin|gimbal|onboard_l
     [-n <val>]  wifi/ethernet interface name
                 values: <interface_name>
     [-F <val>]  Sets the transmission frequency for iridium mode
                 default: 0.0
     [-f]        Enable message forwarding to other Mavlink instances
     [-w]        Wait to send, until first message received
     [-x]        Enable FTP
     [-z]        Force hardware flow control always on
     [-Z]        Force hardware flow control always off

   stop-all      Stop all instances

   stop          Stop a running instance
     [-u <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via local Network Port
     [-d <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via Serial Device
                 values: <file:dev>

   status        Print status for all instances
     [streams  ] Print all enabled streams

   stream        Configure the sending rate of a stream for a running instance
     [-u <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via local Network Port
     [-d <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via Serial Device
                 values: <file:dev>
     -s <val>    Mavlink stream to configure
     -r <val>    Rate in Hz (0 = turn off, -1 = set to default)

   boot_complete Enable sending of messages. (Must be) called as last step in startup script.
ERROR [uxrce_dds_client] init failed, will retry now
ERROR [uxrce_dds_client] init UDP agent IP:fdc4:f303:9324:, port:8888 failed
ERROR [mavlink] invalid partner ip 'fdc4:f303:9324::254'

### Description
This module implements the MAVLink protocol, which can be used on a Serial link or UDP network connect
Usage: mavlink <command> [arguments...]
 Commands:

   start         Start a new instance
     [-d <val>]  Select Serial Device
                 values: <file:dev>, default: /dev/ttyS1
     [-b <val>]  Baudrate (can also be p:<param_name>)
                 default: 57600
     [-r <val>]  Maximum sending data rate in B/s (if 0, use baudrate / 20)
                 default: 0
     [-p]        Enable Broadcast
     [-u <val>]  Select UDP Network Port (local)
                 default: 14556
     [-o <val>]  Select UDP Network Port (remote)
                 default: 14550
     [-t <val>]  Partner IP (broadcasting can be enabled via -p flag)
                 default: 127.0.0.1
     [-m <val>]  Mode: sets default streams and rates
                 values: custom|camera|onboard|osd|magic|config|iridium|minimal|extvision|extvisionmin|gimbal|onboard_l
     [-n <val>]  wifi/ethernet interface name
                 values: <interface_name>
     [-F <val>]  Sets the transmission frequency for iridium mode
                 default: 0.0
     [-f]        Enable message forwarding to other Mavlink instances
     [-w]        Wait to send, until first message received
     [-x]        Enable FTP
     [-z]        Force hardware flow control always on
     [-Z]        Force hardware flow control always off

   stop-all      Stop all instances

   stop          Stop a running instance
     [-u <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via local Network Port
     [-d <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via Serial Device
                 values: <file:dev>

   status        Print status for all instances
     [streams  ] Print all enabled streams

   stream        Configure the sending rate of a stream for a running instance
     [-u <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via local Network Port
     [-d <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via Serial Device
                 values: <file:dev>
     -s <val>    Mavlink stream to configure
     -r <val>    Rate in Hz (0 = turn off, -1 = set to default)

   boot_complete Enable sending of messages. (Must be) called as last step in startup script.
ERROR [uxrce_dds_client] init failed, will retry now
ERROR [uxrce_dds_client] init UDP agent IP:fdc4:f303:9324:, port:8888 failed
WARN  [health_and_arming_checks] Preflight Fail: heading estimate invalid
ERROR [mavlink] invalid partner ip 'fdc4:f303:9324::254'

### Description
This module implements the MAVLink protocol, which can be used on a Serial link or UDP network connect
Usage: mavlink <command> [arguments...]
 Commands:

   start         Start a new instance
     [-d <val>]  Select Serial Device
                 values: <file:dev>, default: /dev/ttyS1
     [-b <val>]  Baudrate (can also be p:<param_name>)
                 default: 57600
     [-r <val>]  Maximum sending data rate in B/s (if 0, use baudrate / 20)
                 default: 0
     [-p]        Enable Broadcast
     [-u <val>]  Select UDP Network Port (local)
                 default: 14556
     [-o <val>]  Select UDP Network Port (remote)
                 default: 14550
     [-t <val>]  Partner IP (broadcasting can be enabled via -p flag)
                 default: 127.0.0.1
     [-m <val>]  Mode: sets default streams and rates
                 values: custom|camera|onboard|osd|magic|config|iridium|minimal|extvision|extvisionmin|gimbal|onboard_l
     [-n <val>]  wifi/ethernet interface name
                 values: <interface_name>
     [-F <val>]  Sets the transmission frequency for iridium mode
                 default: 0.0
     [-f]        Enable message forwarding to other Mavlink instances
     [-w]        Wait to send, until first message received
     [-x]        Enable FTP
     [-z]        Force hardware flow control always on
     [-Z]        Force hardware flow control always off

   stop-all      Stop all instances

   stop          Stop a running instance
     [-u <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via local Network Port
     [-d <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via Serial Device
                 values: <file:dev>

   status        Print status for all instances
     [streams  ] Print all enabled streams

   stream        Configure the sending rate of a stream for a running instance
     [-u <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via local Network Port
     [-d <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via Serial Device
                 values: <file:dev>
     -s <val>    Mavlink stream to configure
     -r <val>    Rate in Hz (0 = turn off, -1 = set to default)

   boot_complete Enable sending of messages. (Must be) called as last step in startup script.
ERROR [uxrce_dds_client] init failed, will retry now
ERROR [uxrce_dds_client] init UDP agent IP:fdc4:f303:9324:, port:8888 failed
ERROR [mavlink] invalid partner ip 'fdc4:f303:9324::254'

### Description
This module implements the MAVLink protocol, which can be used on a Serial link or UDP network connect
Usage: mavlink <command> [arguments...]
 Commands:

   start         Start a new instance
     [-d <val>]  Select Serial Device
                 values: <file:dev>, default: /dev/ttyS1
     [-b <val>]  Baudrate (can also be p:<param_name>)
                 default: 57600
     [-r <val>]  Maximum sending data rate in B/s (if 0, use baudrate / 20)
                 default: 0
     [-p]        Enable Broadcast
     [-u <val>]  Select UDP Network Port (local)
                 default: 14556
     [-o <val>]  Select UDP Network Port (remote)
                 default: 14550
     [-t <val>]  Partner IP (broadcasting can be enabled via -p flag)
                 default: 127.0.0.1
     [-m <val>]  Mode: sets default streams and rates
                 values: custom|camera|onboard|osd|magic|config|iridium|minimal|extvision|extvisionmin|gimbal|onboard_l
     [-n <val>]  wifi/ethernet interface name
                 values: <interface_name>
     [-F <val>]  Sets the transmission frequency for iridium mode
                 default: 0.0
     [-f]        Enable message forwarding to other Mavlink instances
     [-w]        Wait to send, until first message received
     [-x]        Enable FTP
     [-z]        Force hardware flow control always on
     [-Z]        Force hardware flow control always off

   stop-all      Stop all instances

   stop          Stop a running instance
     [-u <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via local Network Port
     [-d <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via Serial Device
                 values: <file:dev>

   status        Print status for all instances
     [streams  ] Print all enabled streams

   stream        Configure the sending rate of a stream for a running instance
     [-u <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via local Network Port
     [-d <val>]  Select Mavlink instance via Serial Device
                 values: <file:dev>
     -s <val>    Mavlink stream to configure
     -r <val>    Rate in Hz (0 = turn off, -1 = set to default)

   boot_complete Enable sending of messages. (Must be) called as last step in startup script.
INFO  [commander] Ready for takeoff!
ERROR [uxrce_dds_client] init failed, will retry now
ERROR [uxrce_dds_client] init UDP agent IP:fdc4:f303:9324:, port:8888 failed
WARN  [mavlink] mavlink for network on port 19450 is not running
WARN  [mavlink] mavlink for network on port 19450 is not running
INFO  [logger] logger started (mode=all)
INFO  [logger] Start file log (type: full)
INFO  [logger] [logger] ./log/2026-04-07/23_21_27.ulg
INFO  [logger] Opened full log file: ./log/2026-04-07/23_21_27.ulg
INFO  [px4] Startup script returned successfully
pxh> ERROR [uxrce_dds_client] init failed, will retry now
ERROR [uxrce_dds_client] init UDP agent IP:fdc4:f303:9324:, port:8888 failed
ERROR [uxrce_dds_client] init failed, will retry now
ERROR [uxrce_dds_client] init UDP agent IP:fdc4:f303:9324:, port:8888 failed
ERROR [uxrce_dds_client] init failed, will retry now
...
</details>

Author: Great catch, this is an IPv6 issue. I'm submitting a PR.

I'm also changing the name of the image from px4-sitl-sih to px4-sitl, but I'm going to hold off on that until you can review this.

@hamishwillee, while I get the fix PR merged and upload a new container (1h max) you can already try it with this workaround for IPv6, don't worry, I'm not pushing users this way, I'm submitting an actual fix soon.

```
docker run --rm -it --add-host host.docker.internal:host-gateway -p 14550:14550/udp px4io/px4-sitl-sih:latest
```

```

> Open [QGroundControl](https://qgroundcontrol.com) and fly. See [Try PX4 Simulation](https://docs.px4.io/main/en/dev_setup/try_px4) for more options.

Reviewer: This needs to be a local link to the new quickstart

```suggestion
Open [QGroundControl](https://qgroundcontrol.com) and fly. See [PX4 Simulation Quickstart](../dev_setup/px4_simulation_quickstart.md) for more options.
```
